[DSW] Update README.md (#199)
delta-io/connectors: README.md

# Introduction

This is the repository for Delta Lake Connectors. It includes
- a native library for reading and writing Delta Lake metadata
- connectors to popular big-data engines (e.g., [Apache Hive](https://hive.apache.org/), [Presto](https://prestodb.io/)) and to common reporting tools like [Microsoft Power BI](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/).

Please refer to the main [Delta Lake](https://github.com/delta-io/delta) repository if you want to learn more about the Delta Lake project.

# Building

The project is compiled using [SBT](https://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x/docs/Command-Line-Reference.html). It has the following subprojects.

## Delta Standalone
Delta Standalone, formerly known as the Delta Standalone Reader (DSR), is a JVM library to read **and write** Delta Lake tables. Unlike https://github.com/delta-io/delta, this project doesn't use Spark to read or write tables and it has only a few transitive dependencies. It can be used by any application that cannot use a Spark cluster.
- To compile the project, run `build/sbt standalone/compile`
- To test the project, run `build/sbt standalone/test`

> - To generate the shaded JAR, run `build/sbt standaloneCosmetic/publishM2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To publish the JAR, run `build/sbt standaloneCosmetic/publishM2`
```
This is not a shaded jar. We shade jackson libraries but the others are still not in the jar.

### How to use it
You can add the Delta Standalone library as a dependency using your favorite build tool.

#### Maven
Scala 2.12:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.delta</groupId>
  <artifactId>delta-standalone_2.12</artifactId>

>   <version>0.3.0</version>

Reviewer: It's better to not change this until we are going to make the release. This would minimize the window that people may try 0.3.0 and find it doesn't work.

<dependency>
  <groupId>io.delta</groupId>
  <artifactId>delta-standalone_2.11</artifactId>

>   <version>0.3.0</version>

Reviewer: ditto

</dependency>
```

#### SBT
```

> libraryDependencies += "io.delta" %% "delta-standalone" % "0.3.0"

Reviewer: ditto
